add admin docs page, document removal of command (#1394)
nextcloud/news: docs/developer.md

# Developer
Welcome to the Nextcloud News App developer documentation.

News is open for contributions, if you plan to implement a new feature make sure to open a [discussion](https://github.com/nextcloud/news/discussions/new?category=Features). Describe the feature that you are planing and your first idea how to implement it.
This ensures that you don't start working on something which collides with the targets of the maintainers.

For small fixes and improvements feel free to directly create a PR, the maintainers are happy to review your code.

## APIs

> News offers a API that can be used by clients to synchronize with the server.
> There are two API declarations so far only V1 has been implemented.
> Work on V2 has started with low priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
News offers an API that can be used by clients to synchronize with the server.
There are two API declarations, so far only V1 has been fully implemented.
Work on V2 has started with low priority.
```

APIv2 for folders is already implemented as of #1003.
